July 15, 2018
Dear Dad and Maria,

Well it has been exactly 1 year since my last letter to you.  It is the eve of the
World Cup Final in Russia, and I will be watching it tonight live.  I have been enjoying
the tournament, although it does not feel the same without Italy playing too.  Australia
was in, but not our best side, we just barely qualified when we should have easily 
qualified.  I drew Russia in a sweep at work and they gave me a good ride, and I have
enjoyed the fighting spirit of Croatia.  I hope you are watching and enjoying the soccer.
I heard that Ronaldo signed a big deal with Juventus, he is a good player but I am not 
sure he is worth that much, and the Fiat workers arent too happy, I heard they are going
on strike.  I am watching England play Belgium as I type, England have gone far but I 
dont like their football very much.  I hope Belgium win, I dont know why I should feel
a little sorry for the English, football is not going home.

The big project for Lonnie and I is to try and pay off as much of the apartment in Brisbane
as we can.  We just hit 30% paid off which is really good.  I am still working at the 
Department of Employment which changed its name to the Department of Jobs And Small Business.
I have reached retirement age, but I will still keep going as I still enjoy it very much.
Lonnie is enjoying her part time job looking after the old people, she is getting a lot of
satisfaction from the job.  Her boss hand picked her to look after her own mum which is a
great feather in Lonnie's cap.  I am still going to gym as often as I can.  I have to work
around my injuries; my knee and my shoulder, there is some pain but I am not sure if it
is permanent damage or just arthritis.  I am trying to do walking to as I have read that
if you do 1 hour a day for 6 days a week you will avoid 50% of ilnesses.  I am trying to 
do a lot of reading too.  Another resolution of mine is to spoil my wife so I take her out
occasionally to a restaurant and movies.  The last 2 movies we saw were "Life of the Party" 
and "The Greatest Showman".  I still spend a lot of time on computers which are also a
great diversion for me as well as my work.  Last year at this time we were in Iceland.

I took Lonnie to a place called, Coff Harbour, for her birthday this year and on our way back
to Canberra, we spent a night in Sydney so we could catch up with Ben and Sasha.  Ben is
working in the office now which he doesnt seem to mind.  He has not finished his electrician
apprenticeship yet and stil has plans to finish it one day.  He plays baseball in Sydney and
one day I will go to see him play.  We saw his appartment in Sydney which is very small of
course but very nice.  (Goal for Belgium after only 3 mins!!).  We had a nice meal together
at an Italian restaurant in Lane Cove where they live.  Ben has said he would like to have
children, but I dont think Sasha is ready yet as she is busy in the fashion industry and 
just went off to Milan, for her job at Prada.

Ayla just wen to Japan for a holiday and is still trying to get into Medicine.  There is a big 
exam in March 2019 that she is going to put everything into.  She is getting a bit old to be 
living at home still so I hope she gets the marks she wants so she can get into the school 
she wants.  She is working for a dentist to earn some pocket money while she studies.

Stephen too is still living with us and is doing a dgree online in Engineering.  He likes
a thing called Mechatronics which is about building robotic things.  He has a girlfriend 
who lives in Hong Kong called Fun Fun.  They keep in touch but she is a long way away. We
took them to Brisbane in January for a short holiday, to see if Fun Fun might like to live
in Australia, she likes it that there is a lot more space in Australia.  In Hong Kong there is 
not much room for anything. He is helping Lonnie with the horses as I am no help with that.  
Horses take a lot to look after. Livie the dog finally died after a very long life, 
it was sad but she died comfortably and happily I think.

Emily is finding out what working with different people is like.  She came up against a 
manager is is not very supportive of her at the Diabetes  organisation, so she has decided
to move to the Department of Education.  Its good for young people to move jobs a lot I think
as it allows their experiences to grow and gives them a chance to find a job they really 
like.  She is very bright so I am sure she will find a good position and be able to 
contribute a lot.  Her boyfriend Andrew is going to move in to her house soon and she will
charge him some rent as she works to pay off her first house too.  She has got 2 cats. 
Andrew has a podcasts where he and a friend talks about movies.  You can get it off the 
Internet and listen to it if you want to.

Nicholas has grown a lot too lately, he passed the "Cap stone" exam and he beat Ben to
finishing the apprenticeship.  It is he who now has his own apprentice he has to look after!
As well as that he has adopted 2 puppie dogs that were left on his door-step one day. This
has seemed to mature him a lot and on top of all that he has bought a house too in a place
called Banks where he an his girlfriend Kaytee are living and looking after the pups. He
was in Brisbane last night, having dinner at Sugo Mi!

Tanya was not there as she had to go to an awards ceremony to get another award for her 
gelato.  She is going to South America for a holiday in September for 6 weeks and I am going
to Brisbane to cover for her with looking after Mum while she is away.  I cant spare 
6 weeks off work but I can do 4, so like last week I will go up and spend a month in 
Brisbane, staying at Cooparoo, looking after Mum, the dogs and the house.  Its not a holiday
for me because I will have a lot of work to do, and I wont have my Lonnie with me.
(still 1-0 I dont think they are trying very hard).

We dont have any travel planned as we need to recover our financial situation a bit.  There
was pressure on us to go to Canada for Lonnie's sister's 60th birthday but we could not 
really afford to do that.  Lonnie is still keen to go to Canada soon though as she wants 
to help with her father.  He is getting old and the family of his wife is being unfair and
trying to take all his money before he dies so that his side of the family misses out. 
Lonnie and Linda have had to get a lawyer to try and protect their father from these 
vultures.

Did you see our Iceland photos?

Well it will be interesting to see how Juventus play with Ronaldo this upcoming season, I 
will be downloading their games if I can. I might watch some English Premier League stuff
too this year as they seem to have a lot of the World Cup players. Oh awesome counter attack
by Belgium, good soccer at last at 79 minutes!  Hazard digs the knife in good night England
assist De Brunner!

Well thats all the news for now, hope you and Maria are in good health and enjoying life!!

Lots of love from your son, Stephen